HaSeul: I think this music video filming takes the longest time
HaSeul: in the history of LOOΠΔ's music videos
Chuu: Chuu is cold~
Chuu: Chuu is cold~~~!
(Chuu looking around...)
Chuu: Chuu is cold?!
Chuu: Sorry...
Yves: You said many 'sorry' today, right?
Chuu: Chuu is cold~
Yves: She said 'sorry' but she doesn't stop it...
Chuu: Yves.. you are so....
Yves: Okay, fighting for your last filming!
Chuu: Yes!
(Chuu, fighting!)
Chuu: 1, 2, 3, fighting!
#NowPlaying "LOOΠΔ / Chuu - Heart Attack"
(Chuu's 'Heart Attack' music video filimg is finally finished)
Chuu: To a lot of people who worked hard from early morning for me today,
Chuu: I'm sorry about that but feel really appreciation for your hard work.
Chuu: And thank you!
Chuu: I'll try my best to be a wonderful singer
Chuu: who can live up to your expectations!
Chuu: Why don't you all come here?
ALL: Thank you~
(Please look forward upcoming LOOΠΔ TV for 11th girl!
Chuu: Take care and don't catch a cold